> # It doesn't work!
> - - -
> That... isn't a question.
>
> However, when all else fails:
>
> 1. On the main screen, tap the "**Reset to Defaults**" button.
> 1. Close this preferences app.
> 1. Wait for SpringBoard (the home screen app) to restart.
>
> ... and see if that resolves the issue.

- - -

> # Can I hide the badge on Phone/Mail/etc.?
> - - -
> If the Badge option is set to "ON" in the global settings, the badge will be enabled for all apps.
>
> To disable the badge for a given app, such as Phone, an "override" must be added.
>
> To add an override:
>
> 1. On the main screen, tap Overrides.
> 1. On the Overrides screen, if the app is not already listed, tap Add, and select the app from the popup list.
> 1. On the Overrides screen, tap the app to view its settings.
> 1. Set the badge option to "OFF"
> 1. Close this preferences app.
> 1. Wait for SpringBoard (the home screen app) to restart.

- - -

> # Why does the badge show briefly after closing an app?
> - - -
> The badge indicates that an app is running; it has nothing to do with backgrounding status.
>
> When an app is closed, even after the app's screen has disappeared, it may not have yet completely shutdown. Once the app actually quits, the badge will disappear.
>
> Note that this is the same behavior as for badges on Mac OS X.

- - -

> # Can I use my own badge images?
> - - -
> Yes. The badge image files are located at:
>
>         /System/Library/CoreServices/
>             SpringBoard.app/
>             Backgrounder_*Badge.png
>
> Overwriting these files is **not** recommended, though, as they will be replaced with each Backgrounder upgrade.
>
> Instead, the recommended method is to use WinterBoard (by Jay Freeman, available for free via Cydia).
>
> The WinterBoard path for the "Native" badge is:
>
>         Some.theme/Bundles/
>             com.apple.springboard/
>             Backgrounder_NativeBadge.png
>
> The WinterBoard path for the "Backgrounder" badge is:
>
>         Some.theme/Bundles/
>             com.apple.springboard/
>             Backgrounder_Badge.png
