> # Backgrounding Method
> ## (Default: Backgrounder)
> - - -
> This option determines whether or not an app is allowed to background, as well as how it should background.
>
> * **Off**  
>     The app will quit when minimized.
> 
>     Apps with built-in backgrounding, such as Phone, Mail, Safari and iPod, will be forcibly terminated.
> 
> * **Native**  
>     The app will be backgrounded using the app's built-in backgrounding method, if available.
> 
>     Certain Apple apps, such as Phone, Mail, iPod and Safari, as well as some 3rd-party jailbreak apps, such as MobileTerminal, include support for true backgrounding. For such apps, it is recommended to use this "Native" method instead of the "Backgrounder" method, as the native method normally requires less resources.
>
>     For all other apps (including *all* App Store apps) the "Native" method is the same as the "Off" method.
>
>     Note that selecting this method will automatically enable the "Enable at Launch" and "Stay Enabled" options. This is done in order to provide the same operational behavior as a device without Backgrounder installed.
>
> * **Backgrounder**  
>     The app will continue to run as if it were still in the foreground.
> 
>     Note that the app does not know that it is in the background, and so it cannot release unneeded resources. This can be quite expensive both CPU and memory-wise.
>
>     This method is not recommended for apps that have true backgrounding support built-in, such as Phone, Mail, iPod and Safari.
