> # Version 1.0.3
> - - -
> * MOD: Updated for iOS 4.2.6 (Verizon).

- - -

> # Version 1.0.2
>
> * NEW: Retina images for badge and statusbar icons.
>    - These images were created and donated by Adam Bird (@Archez39).
> * FIX: On iOS 4.2.1, Mail app would always quit, regardless of backgrounding state.

- - -

> # Version 1.0.1
> - - -
> FIX: Was incorrectly registering with Activator, which caused an error message to be displayed with newer Activator versions.

- - -

> # Version 1.0.0
> - - -
> * MOD: Updated for iOS 4.2.1.
> * MOD: Changed method used for preventing installation on unsupported iOS versions.
> * MOD: Changed version numbering due to move from Google Code (svn) to GitHub (git).

- - -

> # Version svn.r558
> - - -
> * MOD: Allow installation on iOS 4.1.
>    - Note that this is *untested* on 4.1. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

- - -

> # Version svn.r556
> - - -
>
> * FIX: Prevent Skype calls from being put on hold when backgrounded on iOS 3.x.
> * FIX: In the preferences app, tapping the first cell of any section would set backgrounding method to Off.

- - -

> # Version svn.r553
> - - -
>
> * NEW: Option to toggle forcing of fast app switching (iOS 4.0+ only).
>    - This option is now OFF by default, as forced fast app switching can cause issues for some apps.
>      - Note that this functionality was ON by default in the previous Backgrounder release (r521).
> * NEW: Option to enable/disable fast app switching altogether (iOS 4.0+ only).
>    - If disabled, voip/audio/gps/task-continuation apps will still background, while apps that just take up memory will quit (and thus free up memory).
>    - This option is especially useful for users of older devices, such as iPhone 3G.
> * MOD: Cleaned up preferences dialog.
> * MOD: The status bar icon is now shown for the "Fall Back to Native" case as well. (iOS 4.0+ only)
> * MOD: Added support for iOS 4.0.2.
> * FIX: When backgrounding was off or disabled, some apps failed to quit or would quit when reopened.

- - -

> # Version svn.r521
> - - -
> * NEW: On iOS 4.x, the "Native" method will now enable fast-app switching even for apps that have not yet been updated for iOS 4.x.
>    - This also works with the "Backgrounder" method when "Fall Back to Native" is ON.
>    - Currently this is disabled for non-App Store apps.
>    - Some developers purposely disable fast-app switching (by setting UIApplicationExitsOnSuspend flag in Info.plist); Backgrounder respects this setting.
>    - Due to this change, the "Auto Detect" method may be removed in a future version (unless someone knows of a valid reason for keeping it).
> * MOD: Prevent Backgrounder preferences app from being backgrounded, otherwise settings might not be applied.

- - -

> # Version svn.r513
> - - -
> * NEW: Added background method "Auto Detect" (iOS 4.0+ only).
> * FIX: Status bar icons now work with iOS 4.0+.
>    - Requires phoenix3200's libstatusbar extension.
> * MOD: Removed use of preferences symbolic link, as it is not needed.
>    - The symlink ~/.backgrounderrc is no longer used, and can be manually deleted, if desired.
>    - Some apps still have issues due to Apple's sandbox; this will need to be fixed in a later release.
> * MOD: Changed maximum supported firmware version to 4.0.1.
>    - Note that Backgrounder purposely blocks untested firmware versions; this is to prevent the possibility of crashes with newer firmware.
>    - Jailbreak users should *never* upgrade to new iOS firmware versions until they are certain that the firmware is jailbreakable and that the extensions they wish to use have been properly updated.

- - -

> # Version svn.r504
> - - -
> * FIX: The settings file was not being loaded correctly.
>    - This is a long-standing bug that appears to affect all recent firmware (> 3.1.3?)
>    - This bug caused App Store apps to always use the Backgrounder method to background, even if set to use Native.
>    - Note that there may still be issues with some of Apple's default apps on 4.0.

- - -

> # Version svn.r502
> - - -
> * NEW: Initial iOS 4.0 support
>    - Status bar icon does not yet work in iOS 4.0.
>    - Disabling backgrounding for AppStore *may* prevent it from working properly when agreeing to a new license.  (Please report.)
> * MOD: Updated handling of auto-(re)launching of apps.

- - -

> # Version svn.r494
> - - -
> * FIX: Normally Safari should quit if all pages are closed. A bug in the Native method prevented it from doing so.

- - -

> # Version svn.r492
> - - -
> * MOD: The "Native" backgrounding method is now manually controllable.
> * MOD: The meaning of the "badge" option has changed.
>    - Due to numerous complaints, the badge now is used to indicate backgrounding state, not whether or not an app is running.
>    - Most users will not notice a major difference.
> * MOD: Added a separate status bar icon image for the "Native" backgrounding method.

- - -

> # Version svn.r461
> - - -
> * MOD: The "Native" backgrounding method now uses a separate badge image.
>    - See FAQ for details.
> * MOD: Various minor changes to the preferences app (informational tips).
> * FIX: Preferences app now automatically removes overrides for apps that are no longer installed.

- - -

> # Version svn.r450
> - - -
> * FIX: "Fallback to Native" option failed to actually fallback to native.

- - -

> # Version svn.r447
> - - -
> * FIX: Prevent backgrounded apps from getting "stuck" upon receiving a notification while device is locked.
>    - Credit for this goes to phoenix3200 (author of Music Controls, http://phoenix-dev.com/)

- - -

> # Version svn.r445
> - - -
> * NEW: Added FAQ in Documentation (Please read!)
> * FIX: Setting "Enable at Launch" globally would crash SBSettings' "More" app.
> * MOD: In prefs app, changed "Reset" button to "Reset to Defaults" to clarify meaning.

- - -

> # Version svn.r436
> - - -
> * FIX: Old iPod settings were not correctly converted to new format.

- - -

> # Version svn.r432
> - - -
> * MOD: Major reworking of preferences
>    - All settings can now be set per-application (by creating an "override").
>    - "Backgrounding Persists" has been renamed to "Stay Enabled".
>    - The former blacklisting option is now acheived by creating an override and setting "Backgrounding method" to "Native".
>    - The former always-enabled option is now acheived by creating an override and enabling both "Enable at Launch" and "Stay Enabled".
> * MOD: Preferences app now supports iPad-mode (Portrait only).
> * NEW: Prevent apps such as Safari from backgrounding by setting "backgrounding method" to Off.
>    - Most people will want to do this via an override, as global settings would affect *all* apps.
> * NEW: Button to reset settings to default values.
> * NEW: Option to show a backgrounding status indicator in the status bar.
> * NEW: "Minimize on Toggle" option; disable to prevent current app from minimizing when enabling/disabling backgrounding.
> * NEW: "Fallback to Native" option; disable to force even apps such as Mail, Phone, Safari and iPod to quit on minimize when backgrounding state is disabled.
> * FIX: Fixed support for modifying badge via WinterBoard.
>    - File to theme is Backgrounder_Badge.png in the com.apple.springboard bundle.
> * FIX: Fixed iPad badge position.
>    - Badge origin is {-12, 39} for iPhone/iPod, {-12, 53} for iPad.

- - -

> # Version svn.r338
> - - -
> * FIX: Previous version introduced a bug that led to certain applications (e.g. Skype) pausing when backgrounded.

- - -
> # Version svn.r332
> - - -
> * NEW: Activator support; all control is now handled via Ryan Petrich's Activator extension.
> * FIX: Minor code cleanup and fixes.

- - -

> # Version svn.r295
> - - -
> * Two new invocation methods: hold power button, and none (for Kirikae, etc.)
> * Added option to not show badges on apps not backgrounded by Backgrounder.
> * Fixed bug that caused blacklist to be ignored when called externally (e.g. via Kirikae).
> * Note: location of image used for badge has changed

- - -

> # Version svn.r261
> - - -
> * Reenabled always-enabled apps option
> * Reenabled blacklisted apps option
> * Reenabled persistence option
> * Reenabled badges (off by default)

- - -

> # Version svn.r249
> - - -
> * Initial support for iPhoneOS 3.0

- - -

> # Version svn.r230
> - - -
> * Added option to disable icon badge

- - -

> # Version svn.r227
> - - -
> * Added badge for SpringBoard icons to indicate running apps
> * Added optional animations for app restore and switching.
> * Allow normal operation of home double-tap over SpringBoard in simple mode
> * Allow normal operation of home double-tap while locked
> * Allow selection of Categories folders in blacklisted prefs

- - -

> # Version svn.r206
> - - -
> * Hide SpringBoard icons when restoring apps; fixes
>     transparency issue with Categories folders
> * Added application blacklisting
> * Task list: Always show a status bar
> * Task list: Show badges

- - -

> # Version svn.r187
> - - -
> * Task list: Added swipe-to-quit/force-quit/respring
> * Task list: Don't show when locked
> * Task list: Prevent multiple instances
> * Various code cleanup and improvements

- - -

> # Version svn.r171
> - - -
> * Added persistence on/off option.
> * Added option to use double-tap to invoke instead of holding Home.
> * In prefs app, only respring if preferences have actually changed.
> * Prefs app now also displays hidden applications (to support Categories).
> * (BETA) Added task list mode.

- - -

> # Version svn.r127
> - - -
> * Fixed isolated issue that prevented restoration of backgrounded applications.

- - -

> # Version svn.r125
> - - -
> * Addition of a preferences application
> * Backgrounded applications now immediately appear on the screen when reopened
> * Various code improvements

- - -

> # Version svn.r25
> - - -
> * Fixed the 0-value badge issue
> * Various code improvements
> * Added API Methods for developers to keep their app resident on demand.

- - -

> # Version svn.r10
> - - -
> * Initial release
